Q1: Timely delivery is very important. It helpls in resource management and customer satisfaction.
Furthermore, the team keeps track of its progress and monitors how cloe or far it it from its goal.

Q2: When you stay withtin the budget, you boost stakeholder confidence since they know you did not lie on your pitch.
It also prevent one from overshooting, leading to stalling of the project or seeking additional funding. 

Q3: Agile is a flexible approach to working on code, while waterfall is methodogical. In the real woorld,
a combination of both is used. The customer is key in the processs, so team may need to constantly consult and work 
with the customer each and every step.The disadvantage of this is that is is slow,time cinsuming.  At some point, 
one may need to be methodical to meet the budget and deadline .

Q4:A situation that typically requires agile use is developing mobile money solutions. Mpesa is a good example 
of this. Before being released into the market, it underwent testing in Thika, where the common mwananchi was
extensively consulted. A waterfall situation may be a security future or software update to patch existing flaws.
This should be done as quickly as possible, in a procedural manner. Remember, software engineering includes
maintainance of existing softwares, not just creating new ones.

Q5: To ensure quality assurance, you can hire a quality insurance manager.Software, just like any othe product
must adhere to industry standards. The reasons are many such as ease of collaboration. When future programmers
edit your code, they can easily understand it since you have used conventional naming methods.Your software
should also be secure, with little to no room for hacking.

Q6:Clarity and Focus . As my teahcer once said, failing to plan is planning to fail.So define the project scope.!
WBS breaks down this huge abstract project into simple nanagable tasks. It could be per group member, or per
section of the project. This enhances organisation and progress tracking.

Q7:First of all, Gantt charts offer a visual representation of youe work plan schedule. The work schedule well, 
simply put, keeps you on schedule.

Q8:The core issues my software would aim to address would probably be lack of adequate tools in diagnosing erros
in the Electrical Engineering space. In this case my target audience would be fellow engineers, professionals and
technicians. This would be relatable since it would make their work so much easier.

Q9:By clearly defining the problem, i get to analyse its urgency, importance and even cost effectiveness. 
I give stakeholders a clear picture and boost their confidence in me.

Q10:To capture the essence of my software solution, i would use simple language. Granted the chance , i would
use sheng and even a bit of Kijaluo. So that even the Mama mboga will be able to understand what I am saying.
Most importantly, i would not sell them a solution to a problem that does not exist.

Q11:Some features that would make my software stand out would not be some cutting edge technology or a complex
user interface, but a simple user interface, lack of ads, and most importantly, it would be free to use, 
relying on contributions from well wishers and donators.

Q12:There is plenty of data regarding the growth and market size of my project. EnMS systems are gaining popularity
in the age of environmental and energy conservation. 

Q13: I think understanding market trends will grant you a  competitive adavantage. However, market trends
are not everything. If your looking to create a solution grom observing the markets  for monetary gain, at best
you will create a software with plenty of transaction costs and ads. It is better to take a different approach
,that is , to look around yourself, find your passion, and digitize that.
